DOC-4250 describe ldap synchronization job configuration params (#40)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/LDAP.rst

.. |image0| image:: images/LDAP/ldap_integration.png   
.. |image1| image:: images/LDAP/ldap_user.png    
.. |image2| image:: images/LDAP/GroupsDNs.png   

=================================================
Organization externalStore jobs configuration
=================================================

> Organization import and synchronization is performed by IDMExternalStoreImportService.

Reviewer: We should at first explain what is the goal and the principle of this import.

Author: goal and  principle of the import were added.

		<init-params>
			<value-param>
				<name>exo.idm.externalStore.import.cronExpression</name>
				<description>Cron expression used to schedule the job that will import periodically data from external store (Default value = every ten minutes)</description>
				<value>${exo.idm.externalStore.import.cronExpression:0 */10 * ? * *}</value>
			</value-param>
			<value-param>
				<name>exo.idm.externalStore.delete.cronExpression</name>
				<description>Cron expression used to schedule the job that will delete periodically data from internal store that has been deleted from external store (Default value = every day at 23:59 PM)</description>
				<value>${exo.idm.externalStore.delete.cronExpression:0 59 23 ? * *}</value>
			</value-param>
			<value-param>
				<name>exo.idm.externalStore.queue.processing.cronExpression</name>
				<description>Cron expression used to schedule the job that will process periodically data injected in queue (Default value = every minute)</description>
				<value>${exo.idm.externalStore.queue.processing.cronExpression:0 */1 * ? * *}</value>
			</value-param>
		</init-params>

> 	</component>

Reviewer: I don't think it is useful to put the XML configuration. An admin only needs the configuration properties.

Author: removed

> **IDMExternalStoreImportService** customizable parameters are :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The available configuration parameters are :
```

Author: done

**exo.idm.externalStore.import.cronExpression**

> Cron expression used to schedule the job that will import periodically data from external store (Default value = every ten minutes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cron expression used to schedule the job that will import periodically data from external store. Defaults to `0 */10 * ? * *` (every ten minutes).
```

Author: done

**exo.idm.externalStore.delete.cronExpression**

> Cron expression used to schedule the job that will delete periodically data from internal store that has been deleted from external store (Default value = every day at 23:59 PM)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cron expression used to schedule the job that will delete periodically data from internal store that has been deleted from external store. Defaults to `0 59 23 ? * *` (every day at 23:59 PM).
```

Author: done

**exo.idm.externalStore.queue.processing.cronExpression**

> Cron expression used to schedule the job that will process periodically data injected in queue (Default value = every minute)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cron expression used to schedule the job that will process periodically data injected in queue. Defaults to `0 */1 * ? * *` (every minute).
```

Author: done
